---   
 layout: post   
 title: Week 13   
---   
 
 <h3>Week :one::three: </h3>   
 ***   
 __:question: Questions :question:__  
 *1. What did you do this past week?*   
   This past week we have been watching presentations. Our team has also been preparing for our presentation and studying for the upcoming exam.   
   Personally, I also got my portfolio on seelio set up which was a lot easier and less time consuming than I originally thought. I wrote up answers to all the questions Dr. Downing asked for each project and then made it fit the Work form on Seelio.     
 *2. What's in your way?*   
     Again, just getting the exam taken and doing our presentation.      
 *3. What will you do next week?*   
     Though we're not changing the presentation slides, I am going to be writing up the gist of what we'll be saying for each slide so each team member has at least an idea of what all slides say.   
 ***   
     This past week has been a bit rough just in personal matters, but luckily there is only this next week to finish. I'm lucky and don't have finals scheduled during finals time, but instead just have final exams, projects, and presentations. This also means it's all happening in the very last week of classes. Guess that's something I would say people should think of. I haven't been able to go into work because I've needed the work time hours to meet with groups to get projects done as well as deal with end of the year commitments. 
 ***   
 <h3> Major :key: </h3>   
    Microsoft OneNote is my favorite way to take notes on my Surface Pro and now they just updated OneNote to have some new capabilities. The details of these are all listed [here](http://off365.ms/vKWUxi). One thing mentioned is the ability to now insert and view content from YouTube, Vimeo, Vine, Sway and more, right alongside your notes. You simply have to paste the link to the content.   
