---
layout: post
title: Blog 1
---
<h3> Apex:actionRegion </h3>   
***  
  This past week I worked quite a bit with Salesforce and its Visualforce Pages. I've been working with Salesforce since August of last year and have gone through the Trailhead tutorials, however I still spend a lot of time going to the forums searching for clarification or variety in examples.   
  
  One thing I learned today that I found extremely useful was the ```<apex:actionRegion>``` tag. This is useful if you have a section of your Visualforce page that you want to execute without having an affect on other areas of the page. 
  For example, the issue I ran into was I had a form that needed the fields to be required and not allow the user to continue to the next page. However, the user should still be able to click a return button, add or remove items from the cart, or recalculate the total.   
  
  By setting the field attribute ```required = TRUE``` for the inputText, or other proper apex components, it will take care of checking the field is not null or empty. This doesn't allow them to return, add or remove items, or recalculate a total though. Fortunately, the forums came to the rescue and I was introduced to the ```apex:actionRegion>``` tag.   
  
  This tag allows you to execute AJAX functions within the tags without other regions being processed. This guy had a great post with examples of it here: [Abhinav Gupta](http://www.tgerm.com/2010/09/visualforce-actionregion-deep-dive.html)I simply had to put any action I wanted to be able to still be calculated without the field requirements preventing the process in bewtween the apex:actionRegion tags.   
  
  Visualforce Developer Guide of course has [documentation](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.pages.meta/pages/pages_compref_actionRegion.htm) on this as well, but I didn't really know if it myself till the forum brought it to my attention.    
***  
  A fun game Starbucks is actually giving out for free on their app (possibly stores?) is called BuildUrPalace. It's a memory game where you are presented with 3 images-at first. As you correctly reiterate the order the images appeared, it increases by one more image. You can spend as much time on each image to memorize as you wish.   
  Of course this means you could just spend the time writing a list of all of them, but where's the fun in that? My favorite way to memorize the picture order has been to make up a story that includes the pictured object. Playing it with friends is actually a pretty fun way to pass time.   
***   
  Favorite album to listen to while coding this week: Skin - Flume
